docs(parachain): design for prospective-parachains (#4348)
ChainSafe/gossamer: docs/docs/design/fragment-chain.md

- Its parent hash is correct: matches the previous output hash, forming a coherent chain
- Relay parent does not move backwards: given our earliest relay parent (the earliest ancestor that a candidate can use as its context) the current candidate's relay parent should not be before it.
- All non-pending-availability has a parent in the current scope.
- Candidates outputs fullfils the constraint.

If those conditions follows for 1 or more candidates we consider them possible backed/backable, however since the [`BackedChain`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/3d8da815ecd12b8f04daf87d6ffba5ec4a181806/polkadot/node/core/prospective-parachains/src/fragment_chain/mod.rs#L596) does not allow forks we need to resolve that if there is more than one candidates, and the fork selection rule is: compare the hashes and the lowest hash will be chosen and pushed into the [`BackedChain`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/3d8da815ecd12b8f04daf87d6ffba5ec4a181806/polkadot/node/core/prospective-parachains/src/fragment_chain/mod.rs#L596) and removed from the Candidate Storage

> ##### Trim Unelegible Forks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Trim Inelegible Forks
```

> What is does is a deapth breadth-first search looking for candidates in the Candidate Storage that has no potential that is children of valid backed candidates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does a depth breadth-first search looking for candidates in the Candidate Storage that have no potential and that are children of valid backed candidates.
```

> Consider the following chain, the green letters forms the [`BackedChain`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/3d8da815ecd12b8f04daf87d6ffba5ec4a181806/polkadot/node/core/prospective-parachains/src/fragment_chain/mod.rs#L596) while the red letters are candidates placed in the `Unconnected` candidate storage, drawing them (without all the maps and hashes here and there) we can have something similar to the image bellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the following chain, the green letters forms the [`BackedChain`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/3d8da815ecd12b8f04daf87d6ffba5ec4a181806/polkadot/node/core/prospective-parachains/src/fragment_chain/mod.rs#L596) while the red letters are candidates placed in the `Unconnected` candidate storage, drawing them (without all the maps and hashes here and there) we can have something similar to the image below.
```

![IMG_944F8C1D62F0-1](./assets/img/parachain-protocol/pp_1.jpeg)

> Now lets trim the unelegible forks out, but first we need to define the steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now lets trim the inelegible forks out, but first we need to define the steps:
```
